Hello friends, my name is Jai Sharma and
welcome to our YouTube channel.
Friends, today I have brought a
health insurance plan for you.
Why is this health insurance plan special?
Because this plan is very cheap considering today's time.  It
is very affordable.  Those people who want to take a policy,
who want to take a health insurance policy
but are not able to take a
health insurance policy due to high premium.
This plan is for those people.  If
you live in any part of India
, in any state,
you can take this policy.  The company
is great here.  Be it
in terms of service or in terms of claim.  The
company is great in both ways.
You are not going to face any problem here in the company.
Nowadays, companies have increased the
prices of health insurance so much
that many people
want to buy the policy but are unable to do so
because their premiums are very high.
This plan is for those people who
want to take a policy but are
not able to do so due to the premium.  This
plan is very cheap.  You get
almost all the
features you need in this plan.  So
friends, we will talk about this today.
So friends, before moving ahead,
subscribe to our channel so that you keep getting notifications of such
videos that we bring for you.
So let's get started.
Now friends, first of all let us talk
about this plan.  So friends, the
name of this plan is Shield 360.  Friends, the
name of this company is ICC LBA and
everyone knows ICC LB.  You get this plan
from the company anyway.  If you visit the company's
website or contact any agent,
you will easily get this plan there.
But there is a slight difference between that plan
and the plan that I am going to tell you.  The
premium you pay for that plan will be approximately
double or two and a half times more than this.
I will tell you why its premium is so low
at the end of the video.  So let's move ahead
and see what features you get in it
, what
benefits you get in the plan.  So first of all let's
talk about claim settlement.  So
friends, this claim settlement
of SS Labard is in-house.  They do the
settlement themselves.  There is no involvement of any TPA in this.
Talking about claim ratio, there are two types of claim ratio.
One is settlement ratio and the other
is incurred claim ratio.  So, if we
talk about the claim settlement ratio, then there is a
claim ratio of 99.7%.  And if we talk about the incurred claim
ratio, it is around 78%.
Both of them are very good.  So
you do not face any problem in any type of claim here.
Talking about cashless networks,
you will find more than 7000 cashless
networks across India.  You
live anywhere in India.  If you
live in the city, you will find it everywhere.
But even if you live in a village,
you will get its cashless facility somewhere around you.
Talking about grey speed,
it has grey speed for 30 days.  If you
take the policy and renew it next year,
you get one month's time at the time of renewal.
You can renew the policy within 30 days after the policy expires.
Talking about the policy type,
you can take an
individual policy for one person.  If you want, you
can take a floater for a family consisting of
two plus two people, two adults and two children.
You can take a policy for a maximum of four people.
If there are more than
five or six members in your family, then you will
not be able to take this policy.
Talking about the wrath, there is no wrath in this policy.
Talking about the policy term,
you can take this policy for one year.  There
is no option of 2 years or 3 years available in this, that if you want to take it together for three years, you will
not be able to do so.  Is.
Only one year option is available here.
Talking about free look pad, it is for 15
days.  If you feel that
after taking the policy, you have been told something wrong
or you feel that the policy is not correct, then
you can cancel the policy within 15 days.
You can add a free look.
All your money that has been charged from you, all the
money that is
in your account will be returned.  Let's
talk about sum insured.
How much sum insured can you take?  So the sum ash you can take
here is Rs 1 lakh, Rs 2 lakh, Rs 3 lakh, Rs 4 lakh, Rs
5 lakh, Rs 7 lakh or Rs 10 lakh.  But I would
recommend you to invest at least ₹1 lakh in whatever problem you take.
Because for the 1 lakh, 2 lakh, 3 lakh and 4 lakh,
you will be capped on room rent and ICU.
So you will get
1% room rent, 2% ICU.  So wherever your
capping is done then you will have to make payment there.
So take a time shot of minimum ₹5 lakh.
₹ lakh, ₹7 lakh or ₹1 lakh.
Talking about zones, you
can take this policy pan India.  If you
live anywhere in India, wherever you have residence,
then you can take this policy.
Talking about the entry age, the minimum
entry age is 21 years.  If you are 21 years old
then you can take this policy.
And the maximum age that will go is 65 years.
If your age is more than 65 then you will
not be able to take this policy.  If
you want to add children in the policy, then
you can add a child of 90 days
and the maximum limit for a child is 20 years.
You can add children of 20 years.
Talking about room rent,
you get a single private room in this policy.
If you have taken a policy of ₹ lakh
or ₹ 1 lakh.  But if you have taken a policy of
₹1 lakh, ₹2 lakh, ₹3 lakh or ₹4 lakh
then you will get 1% for the room and 2% for the
ICU.  That is why I said that
you should take a policy of at least ₹5 lakh so that
your room limit or any
co-payment is not included in it.  So there will be
no capping on ICU and room if you take a policy of Rs 5 lakh or Rs
7 lakh or Rs 10 lakh here.
Talking about bonus, you will
get 10% bonus every year.
You will not get it in the year you claim.  Rest you will keep
getting 10% every year and the maximum
it will go up to 100%.  So if your Samosa is 5 lakhs
then gradually your maximum will go up to ₹1 lakh only.  If we
talk about pre and post hospitalization, then it is available for 30 and 60 days.
Pre-hospitalization is available for 30 days
and post-hospitalization is available for 60 days.
Talking about ambulance,
you get ambulance for ₹2000 per
hospitalization.  Whenever you get admitted,
even if you get admitted four times in a year, the
company pays you ₹2000 every time.
Talking about the waiting period,
you will get the same waiting period as you get in other companies.
You will
get a waiting period of 30 days, initial within this.
Only your accident will be covered for 30 days.  Nothing else will be
covered.
Your specific disease is not covered for 24 months.   For example,
suppose you have a stone, a kidney
related disease, a liver related
disease or thyroid, BP, or
diabetes.  These types of diseases
, slow growing diseases, are
not covered in any policy.
So here also it is not covered for 24 months.
As soon as you cross 24 months
, the third time you renew,
all your things will be covered there.  Let's talk about
pre-existing diseases of PD.  So
here it is covered after 36 months.  If
you have any pre-existing condition, you have any previous illness
, you have undergone any surgery, or you have had any problem in your life, then
you have to inform the company about it before taking the policy.
Talking about
restoration, whatever your sum assured
is, 5 lakh, 7 lakh, 10 lakh or 3 lakh, 2
lakh, whatever you take, there will be unlimited
restoration in it.  But the
maximum amount you will be able to claim at one time is the amount of
cover you have taken.  Suppose the
cover is of Rs 5 lakh, then you will be able to take a maximum of Rs 5 lakh only.
Even if restoration continues again and again
inside it.  But maximum
claim can be made of Rs 5 lakh at a time.  And the installation will be
for some other disease.
Sam wouldn't be there for the disease.  Now
friends, let us talk about
how much coverage the company provides
and what all it covers when we take this policy.  So friends,
whatever coverage you take, suppose you take 5 lakh
, 7 lakh, 10 lakh, 1 lakh, 2 lakh, whatever
cover is available, take that.  So
in in-patient care, when you are admitted to the hospital, the
company pays you up to the sum assured.
Whatever expenses you incur there, the
company will bear them completely.
Talking about day care, there are diseases in day care
for which you do
not have to be admitted for 24 hours.  You only have to be admitted for two hours.  The
company covers three hours, four hours, five hours and up to sum
up whatever expenses are incurred, the
company pays you in full up to sum up in day care also.   Let's
talk about Ayush.  If you do
not take allopathic treatment.  Whether you
take Ayurvedic treatment, Homeopathic
treatment or Unani
treatment, the company
covers you there also up to the sum assured.  But the
hospital should be a government recognized
hospital.  The company pays you
up to some amount there also.  Talking about donor expenses,
if the donor donates any organ or
any body part to you,
then in that condition also the
company will pay you up to the sum assured.  The company will pay all the expenses of you and the donor
up to the sum assured.  Let's
talk about domestic hospitalization.
Suppose you cannot get admitted to the hospital.
Your treatment is going on at home.   If
your doctor comes to your home, then even
there the company pays you up to the sum assured.  Let's
talk about non-medical.
So friends, you do not get non-medical cover or
consumable cover in this policy.
Whatever other policies you take, for example,
suppose you are taking a policy from any company outside, then
even in those policies
you do not get non-medical coverage.
There you have to add an add on.
After adding that add-on, all your non-
medical needs are covered.  But
here the company does not provide any add-on.  So
you will not be able to cover non-medical.  You will have to pay for
non-medical expenses yourself.
Which can be 1000, can be 2000
, can be five, can be eight
, can be 7000 also.  So whatever
non-medical expenses there will be, it will depend on the
treatment you have gone for, so
whatever non-medical items are used there,
consumer items are used, then you will have to pay for them.  Let's
talk about health checkup.
So health checkup is not available in this policy.
Because this is a basic policy.   All the
basic necessities that you need are
covered under this policy.  But other
things that you have like non-medical items
, health checkups.  These types of
additional things are
not available to you in this policy.  The main purpose of this policy is
that you get all the
medical needs and basic
things that you need.  You will
get the basic policy.  Whatever you need,
you will get it here.   Let's
talk about policy cancellation.  If you are
not happy with the policy, you
can cancel the policy.  In 2 months, in 4 months
, in 6 months.  So
whatever money you have on pro data basis,
you will get it after deduction.  Talking about portability,
portability is not available in this policy.
Whatever policy you are
running, you cannot take that policy to court.
You will have to get a new policy from here.  If we
talk about tax benefits,
you get tax benefits.  Whatever
comes in your ATD, whatever premium you pay,
you
can get it all counted in tax.  Whatever
receipt you have, you should give it to the company
in your ITR and you will get the tax
benefit there.
Now let us talk about what the company does
not cover.  So friends, first of all let's talk about
admission for evaluation.  If you
want to get admitted to the hospital for your
full body checkup, you want
me to get admitted so that the entire checkup can be done.  If the
company pays everything then the company will
not pay anything.  You will have to
pay for everything on your own.
If you want to do IA year examination then the
company will not pay you.  You will have to pay it yourself.  If you
want to get dental treatment done, the
company will not cover that either.  You will have to pay it
yourself.  In case of IN ear
or dental case, if there is any
accident case then the
company will pay you there.  Otherwise the company will
not do it on pay and no other company does it on pay.  The
company will not pay you the cost of spectacles either.  There will be
any unapproved
treatment which you are not able to prove.
For which you are not able to provide documents.  The
company will not cover that either.
Now let's drink and drive.  You have an
accident.  If you think that the
company will pay you by going to the hospital, then the
company will not pay even ₹1 there.
Talking about dietary supplements,
if a doctor has prescribed it to you then the
company will cover it.
But if it is not prescribed,
you use it in the gym, you use it outside,
then the company will not pay you.  If
you have any problem,
you will have to pay the entire amount yourself.
Treatment for alcohol
and drugs.  So friends, you take alcohol
, you take any drugs,
because of that some problem occurs in your body.  The company will
not pay you a single rupee.
You will have to pay everything from your pocket.   The
company will not pay you for sterility and infertility along with rest cure, rehabilitation and respect care.
You will have to pay from your own pocket.
So similarly there are some other things
where the company does not pay.  And it is
not that the company is not paying in this plan
or this company does not pay.
Any insurance company, any
health insurance company, whether you take a group
policy or an individual policy.
Get this policy from anywhere.
All these things are not covered by any company.
Now friends, let's talk about
support, whenever you need
support, whenever you take a policy,
what do you have to do in it?  The company's
website is www.icc lb.com. Although
on this website you will not get information about the
group policy, Health Shield 360, which I have told you
about,
but you can get
more information about the company's customer care by
visiting this website.
Talking about email, their email ID
is customersupply.com
and the toll free number is 180026.
This number will be useful to you when you take a claim
or if you have to make any changes in the policy,
you can directly call the company and
talk to the company about this policy.
If you do not find this number, then
you have been given this number, it is a chargeable
number, this is 86526,
so you can call on this number also, if
this number is not reachable then you can call this number, the
rest of the toll free number is
180026.
Now friends, let us talk about the premium,
how much is the premium in this policy.  So
friends, now I will show you on the screen how much
its premium will be.  So
friends, this is its premium chart.
Although I have told you that you do not have to take a policy for Rs 1 lakh, 2
lakh, 3 lakh and 4 lakh
because then there will be capping of
1% for room and 2% for ICU which is very less.
Then you will have to pay a lot of money from your pocket.
So here again let us see
once that if we take a cover of 2 lakhs, then
if my age is 21 to 40 years
then my premium will be ₹3292 and
if there are two adults and two kids then it will be only
₹7369
which is very less.  Now let us come to the second
chart in which your sum is visible as 5 lakhs
, 7 lakhs and 10 lakhs.
Now let us look directly at 10 lakhs.   In
which, if my age is 21 to 40 years as an
individual, then the insurance amount is ₹5,268.  At the same time,
if there are two adults and two kids
in the sum of Rs. 10 lakh, then it will cost
only Rs. 1566.
Friends, if I go to take the same policy of Rs. 1 lakh from
any other company which are normal
policies, then the
same premium will come to Rs. 22 to 23000 or 25000,
where you will have to pay only Rs. 1566 here.
Apart from that, if we talk about ₹5
lakh, then if the age is between 41 to 55,
then the policy for an individual person is only ₹6364.
And if two adults and two kids are
seen in the 41 to 55 section, then
you have to pay only ₹1417 here.  Meaning
only ₹12,500 where your age is 41 to 55 years.
If you take a normal policy, then with a
minimum premium of ₹30 to ₹35,000,
you get ₹5 lakh.  Do share this
policy in your groups,
with your relatives, with your acquaintances, with your
friends because this
policy is very cheap.  You
can take this policy wherever you live in India.  The
premium of this policy is
much lower than normal policies.  Many people do
not take the policy because of the premium.
But you can take this policy
because its premium is very low.
So, you can share this policy with all your relatives,
friends, groups,
wherever you hang out.
If any person wants the policy,
we have given the number in the description.   If
you want to take this policy, you can do so by WhatsApping or calling on that number.
Now friends, let's talk
about this plan and this company.
So friends, if we talk about the company, then
everyone knows about the company.
Everyone knows about ICC LBA.  Everyone is aware of his service and
his claim service.  If
you go to the hospital or
take the name of ICC LBA, you will get a positive
response that
your work will be done easily here with the help of IS Lobard.  So there
is no problem regarding the company's image.  You can take the policy comfortably.  You can
easily get your claim here.  There is
no problem in the claim here.  Let's talk about
this plan.  So friends,
they also have another plan called Health Shield 360,
which they offer to individual clients and
sell through brokers.
Talking about this plan, friends, this
is a group policy.  What is the difference between the two plans
?  You buy that policy
through a broker, an online website, a
policy market, or an agent.
But you get this policy which is a group
policy, for example, suppose you
work in a company, then the
group policy that you get from there is
exactly like this, so
these policies
work almost in the same way as your
individual policies, similarly these
group policies work, the
premium of those policies is a little high,
you have to pay more premium there,
but if we talk about group
policy, then group policies are a little
cheaper for you, these policies
work exactly like your individual
policy.  It does not make any difference to you whether you claim in those policies
or in this group policy.
In both the policies, you get the same claim in both the conditions.
What is the benefit to you now?
People who are employed get it from the company
but people who are not employed,
who do their own work, who are self-
employed, do
not get group policies.  So we have brought for you a group
policy whose premium
is very cheap.  If you want to get insurance
and you are not doing it because of high premium, then
you can get this policy, Health 360, which is the policy of ICC.  It
is a very cheap policy.
You get a very low premium and whatever
coverage you take up to the sum assured,
you only have to pay for non-medical.
Up to the sum assured the company
pays you there in every claim.  So friends, this
was my video today about this plan,
Health Shield 360 Group Policy.  So
friends, do tell us how you liked this video.
If you liked the video, please
like the video and subscribe to the channel.
If you think the
video is helpful, then you can share this video
with your friends, your relatives
, and your groups.
Thank you.
These